docs/TODO.md, before:

## UI main issues

1. [X] Tabs naming: write, my posts, inbox, account. The resources already exist.
2. [X] Remove rating buttons/icons in "my posts" and "inbox". We can return them redesigned if BE confirms the proper implementation.
   (at the moment, BE allows rating placement, but never sends any ratings with messages)
3. [] My posts: implement replies displaying. For each post show total number and one most recent reply.
4. [] Inbox(feed): polish replies UI styling.
5. [X] Account: remove coins; apply proper styling to buttons - outlined, transparent.
6. [Maria] Mode toggle with simple sinking sun animation.

## UI secondary issues

50. [] Tab swipe animation. Bolder font of the selected tab. Carousel or cascade effect when swiping.

## Logic

100. [X] Mode switching has to change content accordingly.
101. [Artem] Revise the notifications logic. (? test with BE)
102. [Artem] Construct a flow when BE rejects a message sending (e.g., due to inappropriate content). Show proper error message to user.
    
## Bugs

300. [X] Context: *New user logged in with Google and end up on "Choose the nickname*. If user presses back button, the main screen is
     shown, but the User account has not been created. Fix: bring user back to 'AuthUiState.INITIAL'; forget the google account; let user
     choose new account.
301. [Artem] Logged in user. No internet connection. User opens the app (cold start) the sees Welcome AuthScreen instead of MainScreen.
302. [Artem] Messages arrangement by dates my be unstable. Messages mix up sometimes.

## Docs

900. Revise the AppRequirements and DevStatus
901. [] Create a Privacy Policy document. Add To Welcome screen and Account tab.

Commit message:

refactor(UI/Docs): Remove MessageStateIndicator and update TODO status
- Remove `MessageStateIndicator` from `SendMessageView` in the presentation layer.
- Update `docs/TODO.md` to reflect task progress:
    - Mark bugs related to offline cold start and message arrangement as fixed.
    - Add implementation details for message rejection handling, including disabling the offline sending queue.

docs/TODO.md, after:

## UI main issues

1. [X] Tabs naming: write, my posts, inbox, account. The resources already exist.
2. [X] Remove rating buttons/icons in "my posts" and "inbox". We can return them redesigned if BE confirms the proper implementation.
   (at the moment, BE allows rating placement, but never sends any ratings with messages)
3. [] My posts: implement replies displaying. For each post show total number and one most recent reply.
4. [] Inbox(feed): polish replies UI styling.
5. [X] Account: remove coins; apply proper styling to buttons - outlined, transparent.
6. [Maria] Mode toggle with simple sinking sun animation.

## UI secondary issues

50. [] Tab swipe animation. Bolder font of the selected tab. Carousel or cascade effect when swiping.

## Logic

100. [X] Mode switching has to change content accordingly.
101. [Artem] Revise the notifications logic. (? test with BE)
102. [Artem] Construct a flow when BE rejects a message sending (e.g., due to inappropriate content). Show proper error message to user.
     a) Client will wait for HTTP response from BE. If BE rejects the message, client shows appropriate error message to user.
     b) Disable the offline sending queue for now. Because it adds too much complexity.
    
## Bugs

300. [X] Context: *New user logged in with Google and end up on "Choose the nickname*. If user presses back button, the main screen is
     shown, but the User account has not been created. Fix: bring user back to 'AuthUiState.INITIAL'; forget the google account; let user
     choose new account.
301. [X] Logged in user. No internet connection. User opens the app (cold start) the sees Welcome AuthScreen instead of MainScreen.
302. [X] Messages arrangement by dates my be unstable. Messages mix up sometimes.

## Docs

900. Revise the AppRequirements and DevStatus
901. [] Create a Privacy Policy document. Add To Welcome screen and Account tab.
